Twelve yeah, that's it baby.
Feelin' it now, come on.
Ten, king, queen, minus three..
Man, kid over here mumblin'
to hisself like Mr. Magoo.
This is my
half-brother Terrance.
He cool, man.
Thought he was homeless.
Man, forget all that,
aight? Just hit me.
Ha ha ha. Bang, you
busted.
Gimme some money, man.
Dang, alright.
Hold up.
Yo, T, man,
gimme ten.
- Naw, forget it, man. We
out.
- Come on, man.
We wanna run with the big
dogs, we gotta bring it.
You bringing it, alright. You
just keep giving it all away.
Are you watchin' the
game?
I was just on a roll.
I just need to get it back.
Hey, boy, you wanna
ante up or take your
half-ass brother on home?
'I came to play here, man.'
Twenty. Deal me in.
What's up with this fool?
- Naw, he just playin'.
- I said deal me in.
Yo, T, what you doing?
It's called
doublin' down. Hit me.
Man, T, you can't double down
on no 17. You gonna bust.
Another ten says
I beat every hand here.
- It's your money, fool.
- I thought I said hit me.
Twenty one.
What you got?
Damn.
Damn! Man, that was luck.
Nine times out
of ten you would've
bust on that same hand, chump.
Nine times out of ten,
but there's 52 cards in the
deck
and you already burnt
11 out of 12 face
cards
'plus all your tens and aces.'
'Leaving even odds,
I get a four or lower.'
And I thank you for that.
By the way, name's Terrance.
How you like my
chump change now?
Oh, let me see that.
Boss, guy
over there
says
he's the father of
a Terrance Carter.
Teenage gunshot victim,
Back in '02.
Wants to see if he can get
his son's personal effects
'for keepsake.'
Five years after the fact?
Claims he hadn't seen
the boy since he was a
baby.
'On the outs with the mother.'
Asked if he could
get his son's wallet
'said he needed his
Social Security number.'
'Scumbag's trying
to commit fraud.'
Pull the kid's social.
Already on it.
(John)
'Sir, I'm afraid
we can't release'
'any evidence
or personal effects'
until an investigation's
been closed. I'm sorry.
So how's that
investigation going?
'Five years now, ain't it?'
Bullet was never
matched to any other case
registered gun or otherwise.
So what, case closed?
There were people on that
block who know damn well
who shot your son, Mr. Carter.
Unfortunately, none are willing
to cooperate with the police.
Hmm. So that's
how it is now, huh?
Just...chalk it up
to the neighborhood?
- Didn't say that.
- 'So what then?'
It's my son's fault
he got shot? That's it?
Sure there's enough
blame to go around.
- What?
- 'Mr. Carter.'
If you know anyone
anyone who might talk to us
we'd always appreciate any help.
Yeah, right.
Otherwise, y'all
just done looking.
Well, maybe we
should look
again.
'Starting with
the rock that slug'
just crawled out from under.
Oh, turns out Terrance Carter's
Social Security
number's still in use.
Used to open three different
charge accounts since his
death.
So either he's still
alive and kicking..
Or somebody already
beat dad to the punch.
Missed you at Jones last night.
(Scotty)
'Oh, yeah, sorry, man.'
Just got caught up
with this thing.
- Blond or brunette?
- I wish.
Some pain-in-the-ass ADA.
Let me guess,
the redheaded nutcracker
with the nice set of pins?
Nah, just some, uh, dinosaur
prepping an old
robbery in West.
Original theory
on Terrance
Carter?
Kid caught a random
bullet on a rooftop
'in North Philly
five years ago.'
Not so random.
Find all kind of spent
shells up on those
rooftops.
Thugs and bangers going up there
to test out their
nines, .22s, you name it.
So some punk taking
target practice drops a
kid
with an unlucky stray.
We know why
Terrance was up there?
Drugs, guns, escape.
Could've been just about
anything on that block.
That's 29th Street turf
no evidence of gang affiliation?
Not really. Just this.
Well, it looks like a name
and number. "Sam 6-7-8-9-2-3-5?"
Phone number came
back to nothing.
No kid named Sam,
witness or suspect.
Statement from the kid's
mother was less than
helpful.
Welfare mom, nowhere dad.
Kid had no chance.
No witnesses, no leads
no big surprise on that block.
Social Security number on
Terrance Carter was first used
'to open an account
shortly after he died.'
(Scotty)
'"PECO?"'
Philadelphia Electric.
Well, same address
given for Terrance Carter.
Residence of the mother,
Cheryl Carter.
Wait, so mom just
steals
her dead kid's social?
Probably figured
he wasn't using it.
Parents like that,
who needs enemies?
Nerve of that man.
Trying to come in
and collect on
Terrance.
(Will)
'When it comes
to picking the bones'
of your dead son,
you got Gerald
beat.
Excuse me?
Only took you a week
after your son's
murder to steal
his Social Security number.
Funeral wiped me out.
'They cut me off'
turned off all my utilities.
You collected on the Victim's
Comp Fund for burial expenses.
Barely covered a pine box.
Terrance's father
never chipped in?
Not a dime.
Not worth a damn
as husband or a father.
You don't know how tough it was
raising that boy on my own.
Terrance get into trouble?
Boy was nothing
but a daydreamer.
Told him if he
wasn't
gonna go to school
he needed to
find a way to
earn.
How? He was only 14.
I had two jobs
when I was his age.
And school...didn't get
me nothing but pregnant.
Legal dropout age is 16.
Oh, you gonna lecture me now?
What was Terrance doing up
on that roof when he got shot?
Told the police
he'd started hanging
up there with
Michael.
- Michael?
- His half-brother.
They grew up
on the same
block.
'But Michael's mama,
she didn't raise him right.'
Uh-huh.
What were they doing up there?
Playing the fool,
skipping school
trying to duck me.
- 'High or low, T?'
- High. Face card.
Next.
Low. Two,
three or
four.
Come on, man.
I got this cold.
You hear from dad?
No. You?
My mama got
a letter from inside.
Asked how big I was.
Said he wanted to catch up.
He said that?
Called me his "main man."
Please. He's tryin'
to get back with my moms.
He ask about me?
Yeah. Yeah, you know..
Forget it. Don't matter.
(Terrance)
'What's up with
that bird man anyway?'
Got all them locks on his birds.
Crazy fool's got twice as
many locks on the apartment.
'Heard he got a safe
full of cash too.'
How them birds always
know to come back?
Man, forget the birds.
Focus on the deck.
Naw, man. We done
practicing. I got
it.
(Michael)
'Hey, hey, hey, hey.
No more small-time.'
We gonna hustle a man's game.
Roll in with a shot caller.
Now, come on.
Finish the deck, T.
Six cards left in the deck.
A deuce, a pair of eights
a jack and two kings
Damn, man. We about to get rich.
Or die trying.
(Kat)
'Terrance was counting cards?'
Some stupid corner
hustle, up to no
good.
Only way to make money counting
cards is playing blackjack.
Takes a real computer upstairs
to bring down the house.
Terrance was real
good with numbers.
What do you think he meant by
"roll in with a shot caller"
hustling some card game?
Don't know.
But Michael
was always trying
to suck my boy into it.
Just like I told
the do-nothing police back
then.
That kind of attitude
makes you friends.
Didn't matter then to y'all
just like I know it won't now.
(Scotty)
'You finish up with
that head shrink yet?'
What? First the boss, now you?
I just want to know if
I'm
rollin' with a nut
job.
One more session,
I'll be certified.
(Lilly)
'That our guy?'
(Scotty)
'How'd you get
the horse, Michael?'
Grow up in a war
zone,
this how you end up.
Another casualty
of the neighborhood
just like your
dead half-brother.
'Bout time y'all cared.
You with Terrance
the night he got shot?
I was home.
Only took another year
for
a bullet to catch up with
me.
(Michael)
'Tryin' to tell these
kids what happens'
you run on the streets,
don't get your head on
straight.
Terrance's mother seems
to think you know who shot
him.
Y'all need to
consider the source.
She never liked me
'cause of my mom.
So what were you doing up
on that roof with Terrance
talking some big card hustle?
Just looking for
an angle to play.
Stake our claim.
What kind of angle?
Setting a real good
example for these kids.
'Keeping your mouth shut
about your brother's murder.'
Five years now.
That's real brave.
And for what? Hmm?
Lot of good it did you.
There was only one
card game that mattered.
But you ain't hear it from me.
An underground card game?
- 'Where?'
- Big Fat Ray's.
Knew if I could get
T in on that game.
Phew! We could do
some serious damage.
How? You were just
a couple of kids.
So how I got the idea to
set up the meet with Delonte.
Knew if we rolled in with
him,
nobody would mess with us.
Delonte?
King.
Banging thug. Shot caller
for the 29th Street Crew.
Turned out Delonte had
other plans for Terrance.
No disrespect, yo.
Just got a proposition
for your man here is all.
Huh?
Michael, this is my
half-brother Terrance.
Ready to go to work.
I don't need no more corner boys
slinging for me, man.
Talking about
Big Fat Ray's game.
You get us in the door,
we can run the table.
'Y'all get half our cut.'
I'm good with all
kinds of numbers.
Like the code on
your door there.
Say what?
Punk must have seen
me punch in the code
over my shoulder before
like they do at them ATMs.
(Delonte)
Now, hold up, chill.
How'd you get
that code, young'un?
That lock? Got about
3,000 combinations.
Take ten minutes
to crack it cold
but your man
here made it easy.
Say what?
There's ten numbers
on the keypad.
But there's two to each button
so it's really
just a five-digit
PIN.
- So?
- So it cuts it in half.
Some 1,600 possible numbers.
'And since that 29th Street
ink
gave me the first two digits'
figured there's only
a couple hundred
left.
Now by looking at the
keypad
I saw the five-six
'seven-eight buttons were
worn down by fingerprints.'
Which makes sense,
it's a Sixers town.
So 29-76,
got one number
left
figure I got a one in five shot.
Guess I just guessed right.
How'd you get that last number?
What?
Your shirt, fool.
The number.
Aight, young'un.
Know about the safe
bolted into the floor.
You got to get
in and out, quick.
Keypad lock or combo we can get
it done in under ten minutes.
Was I talking to you?
Yeah, we could do it.
- Let's line it up.
- Alright.
Next week, then.
But...you get caught
you try to cross me?
You don't wanna know me.
(Scotty)
'Delonte used
you for break-ins?'
Not me. Just Terrance.
Couple weeks
later, T was
dead.
You think Delonte
took him out.
So Terrance could
never finger him.
My boy T was special, you know?
It's like a blessing
and a curse around here.
A curse?
Soon as people find
out you got
something
'they want a piece of you.'
Where's this, uh, Delonte now?
He upstate on a stick-up he did.
Just know, boy like
that don't snitch.
And he ain't afraid
of doin' no time
either.
Even the Devil makes deals.
Maybe.
But he always
get his in the end.
So..
...off the painkillers yet?
Uh, been off.
Um, wound's almost healed up.
You haven't
been sleeping much.
That obvious, huh?
Any nightmares?
Last session.
Might as well go out
with a bang, right?
So to speak.
Um..
...the other night, yeah.
I had a dream. They were
wheeling me into the ER.
Lights everywhere.
- Voices.
- How'd you feel?
How did I feel? Um..
Scared, I guess.
They were badgering me,
asking me questions.
Questions like what?
I-I can't remember.
Try.
"Is there anyone to call?
Who do you want us to
call?"
- Something like that.
- Was there?
Was there what?
Anyone to call, Lilly?
'When you're in
a situation like that'
'you ask yourself these things'
'take inventory of your life.'
'What you've done,
whom you've loved.'
That's what your
nightmare's telling you.
That photo's gotta
be what, 15 years
old?
Your daughter, Jessica, she's..
...not a little girl
anymore, is she?
You didn't answer the question.
No prom, graduation
wedding photos.
Just wonder why.
'You two still
even talk anymore?'
Maybe not.
That's why you fix
other people's problems.
'Cause you can't fix your own?
That's impressive.
'Too bad you can't see
yourself the way you see me.'
Oh, I, uh..
My time's up
The nightmares
won't end, Lilly.
Until you can do that.
(Nick)
'Sit down.'
Remember him, Delonte?
Another dead
clocker off the block?
Terrance Carter,
five years back
wasn't a clocker
'but he sure was
good with numbers.'
Kid you thought might be good
at cracking combinations.
That code scribbled on his
hand mean something to you?
- I can't help you.
- You used him for break-ins.
Did I now? Who told you that?
No sweat off your back
take Terrance out of
the picture after a
job.
Leaving no one to flip on you.
Sorry, fellas.
We done playin' footsie?
CO says you're the alpha
dog on this cell block.
'Makes sense, with half
your crew locked up in here.'
I get anything
I want on the inside.
Really?
Don't see nothing
about conjugal visitation.
(Delonte)
'Don't nobody get that.'
See my baby mama through
the glass once a month.
Saying we might be able
to pull some strings
you play this right.
So pull.
Give us something
about the break-ins and..
...maybe you get to
put your jack in a box.
Glaze that ham
with some real honey.
I used that punk
once for a break-in..
...but it didn't work out.
All the more reason
to fear him snitching.
Please.
Kid was all brains and no balls.
You ask me, wasn't no
pot shot took him out either.
Check in there for the safe.
Go, go.
What you doing?
Where's the safe?
(male #1)
'Who's there?'
He ain't supposed to be home.
(Will)
'You hit the bird
man's apartment.'
Crazy ol' coot
came home blasting.
Was Terrance hit?
Nah, just wet his pants.
Didn't grab nothing
but some stupid notebook.
But the bird man got
a good look at his face.
So?
So, kid got shot up
on that roof, right?
You're saying it's the bird man?
He always up there.
Figured he caught up
to the little man one day.
Took him out.
Had an uncle,
he used to raise birds.
He's kinda plump
for a homing pigeon.
Oscar's a rock pigeon.
'Fell out a nest into
the gutter when he was a
baby.'
Nursed him back to health.
I need to talk to you
about a break-in, Augustine.
Your apartment. Few years back.
Shots fired.
Remember that?
Some punks broke
into my place.
Had to protect myself.
Only you never reported it.
9-1-1's a joke on this block.
Boys got what was coming to 'em.
Unfortunately, one
of 'em got shot.
Right up here on
the roof of this building.
Uh, 14-year-old Terrance
Carter.
Bullet from a nine.
(Lilly)
'We check your apartment,
we gonna find that weapon?'
Search away.
I didn't kill that
boy.
The code...written on his hand..
...mean anything to you?
Nope.
But he didn't talk much
about his personal life.
You talked to
Terrance? When?
Right up here on this roof.
Under much
different
circumstances.
- Sick of you damn kids--
- Wait, wait, wait.
Trying to steal
from me again?
I-I was just
trying to bring back
what belonged to you.
Who did this?
I was just messin' around.
I didn't mean to screw it up.
How'd you do this? When?
Don't know. Just,
I get caught up in
stuff.
Lose track of time.
I'm sorry.
So that model airplane
in your apartment
some kind of hobby?
Some kind of career.
You make planes with numbers?
It's called design.
It's all about numbers.
How you learn
about all that
stuff?
Planes, birds, flying.
Try the public library.
Sounds boring.
The more I know about
flight, the less I know.
Gotta have a passion for it.
But you wouldn't know
anything about that.
Why's that?
It would require
you to use your brain
for something other than
trying to rip people off.
(Terrance)
'That bird in the red cage.'
How come he don't ever get out?
Lost his will to fly.
It's a bird, ain't it?
So you're not only a thief,
you're a know-it-all
pain-in-the-ass too?
'Sup, T?
Let's go.
Race 'em.
Every Thursday from
the basketball courts.
Race what?
The babies.
Flight training.
You'd probably
think it was boring.
Kid was special.
Raw mathematical
ability, off the
charts.
He show up for the races?
And the math
and flight
lessons.
Tried to challenge him,
show him there's a world
outside this block.
Till the inevitable happened.
What's that?
Some con showed
up in his life.
Some con?
Claimed he was his father.
Gerald Carter?
'Came to see his son?'
All I know is..
...few days
after
dad shows up..
'...I wake up to
feed my birds..'
...and found
that boy's
body.
Right over there.
Got a real selective
memory, Gerald.
(Will)
'Coming in here with
that tale of woe BS'
about not getting
to see your son.
Look, I came back around,
but my ex didn't know.
Court said I owed child
support,
alimony, all that nonsense.
- Nonsense?
- See?
(Gerald)
'I knew the boy's mom would
flip
out she knew I contacted him.'
So, why lie to us, unless you
had something else to hide?
Me and the law,
on a need-to-know basis.
Ain't about to change now.
So, you hadn't seen
your son in years.
'All of a sudden, you
pop up in his life.'
'Couple days later, he's dead.'
Bad coincidence.
(Kat)
'Even worse, you split
again.'
Didn't even stick
around to bury him.
Maybe I wasn't the best father..
...but Terrance was my blood.
Came back 'cause I had
to give it another try.
(Augustine)
Four basic forces of
physics at work in flight.
Lift versus gravity.
'Thrust versus drag.'
- Bernoulli's principle.
- If you say so, boss.
I didn't say so.
It's a fact.
Flight is a delicate
balance of math and physics.
- The larger the wing..
- 'The greater the lift.'
- Wing aspect ratio. Got
that.
- Really?
- Where'd you get that?
- Public library.
That the formula you
used to design that
plane in your apartment?
I used to be an engineer.
Big firm. Long time ago.
How'd you end up back here?
Well, I wanted to rethink
the way we design planes.
They didn't, so I left.
Rethink?
Birds have flexible wings.
Took us thousands
of years to approximate
what they just
come by naturally.
Go ahead. Let her rip.
- For real?
- Go on.
It's what they're born to do.
There are things
which seem incredible
to most men who've
never studied mathematics.
Never thought
about birds like that.
"We're all in the gutter
but some of us are
looking at the stars."
Who said that?
- Oscar Wilde.
- Oscar, huh?
Terrence.
Dad?
Michael told me I
might find you
here.
'Didn't mention how
big you went and got.'
I was hoping we
could talk a
bit.
Maybe catch me up
on some things,
huh?
Keep your eye on the stars, kid.
Come on, baby.
So, baby, you be good.
That bird man
wasn't his father.
I was.
You had a problem
with Augustine.
Grown man hanging out
with my boy, acting white?
Couldn't figure out his angle.
That's no surprise.
You're not that
bright.
But your son, he was special.
At least one of 'em anyway.
So that was your angle.
You figured out
what Terrance could do.
Michael told you
he could count
cards.
Never heard nothing about that.
Just glad we got to
spend some time together.
A couple days later,
he winds up dead.
Yeah, you're Father of the Year.
Don't need to justify
nothing to y'all.
He was my son.
You're nothing
but a lowlife
con.
I grew up around
shiftless fools like
you
expect something for nothing.
Who do you think you are, man?
I'm the guy who goes around
cleaning up all your mess.
Screwed up families and
sons
you don't even deserve.
At least my boy understood.
Never forget your people..
...where you came from.
What's that supposed to mean?
I wouldn't expect a couple of
black cops to understand that.
Go ahead. Take a swing.
I could use the money.
Just a matter of time
before
we sort this out, Gerald.
Terrance went to
the library,
right?
The number
written on his hand.
Could be some sort
of reference number.
What, like a book?
I'm not sure if it's Dewey
Decimal, but it could be a
date.
(John)
"6/7/89.
Sam."
I'm thinking
newspaper, magazine
some sort of periodical?
"23-5." Page number?
Terrance looked
something up, but he
wasn't
writing any book reports.
Well, it's worth a shot.
Hit the library, Dewey.
S-A-M.
"San Antonio Mercury News."
That's got to be it, right?
- Your call, bro.
- Okay, June, '89..
(Nick)
'That's the reason'
'I did not make
it through college.'
Yeah, college blows, dude.
June 7th, 1989, page 23.
'Plane crash outside of Dallas.'
'Take a look.'
Uh, "Civilian plane
down in flames,
killed five
people."
Keep going.
(Scotty)
'"Mechanical
malfunction attributed
'"to a flaw in
the airplane's design.
Aeronautical firm
named in the
lawsuit."
And one particular engineer.
"Augustine Bennett."
Talk about a career-killer.
And Terrance found out.
(John)
'You're a proud man,
Augustine.'
'Once a top-flight
aeronautical engineer.'
But you screwed up.
Big time.
Plane you designed back
in the '80s went down.
'All five passengers died.'
'And everyone blamed you.'
To get to that level
and fail so publicly
must have been devastating.
You had to walk
away, to bury it.
(Lilly)
'But all those years
later, along comes this'
precocious, 14-year-old
boy. A whiz kid.
And you let him in..
...and he digs up
the one thing you buried.
(Lilly)
'Confronts you.'
You can't handle it...
'cause now you're a just a
liar.
Right?
You'd have to be perfect..
...you know.
A man in my position.
Because if you mess up..
...people die.
And you lose everything.
Augustine...did
you shoot Terrance
up on that roof?
He was caught in the middle.
Being dragged down by people
who didn't have his
best interests at
heart.
Where you been?
You haven't showed up
for class all week.
'Back in the game, huh?'
Got to make it out.
Only way how.
Like your old man?
Bumming around this block?
Dice and card games
till you wind up
in jail or shot?
What you want from me?
To start trying to use
your
brain for something
else.
Create something
for once in your
life.
Or you want to
wind up some loser
kicking 'round
here till you
drop.
What, like you?
When you planning on telling me?
You know, about the plane?
The one that crashed?
You're just like the rest
of 'em. And now look at you.
You can barely
leave the building.
Listen to you.
Never even been off the block.
At least I tried.
Don't worry about me.
Do the math, smart guy.
They got a formula
for young black
males
'round here, how
long you'll live.
Guess we'll see.
You're done wasting my time.
You're gonna have to decide what
you're gonna do with your life.
Already did.
Got a game to play.
Forced him to choose that night.
Between you and the streets.
Terrance was dead before dawn.
Some big card game, huh?
(Lilly)
'Big Fat Ray's?'
Think Delonte
told a big fat lie.
How about a hand of blackjack,
Delonte? Name your stakes.
Nah, I don't gamble.
That's right. You cheat and lie.
Told us you dropped
Terrance after the break-in.
But blackjack was your game
and Terrance could count cards.
Whatever.
Conjugal visitation's
off the table.
Count on five more years
of making love to a sock.
Try not to strip
all the bark off the wood.
Nothing new. I'm a man.
That's right.
Keep acting the big man.
Like you still run the game.
Tough to call the shots
after you're transferred
to a supermax facility.
You'd be in solitary
lockdown 23 hours a day.
Kind of like veal.
Except for that one hour where
they let you out to walk around
that little concrete-walled pen.
Just in case you
forgot you're in a zoo.
No need to be
talking no supermax.
But I throw you a bone
you got to give me something.
Sorry, that's all
that's on the table.
I brought the kid
to Fat Ray's Game.
To count cards.
I was the player.
Kid was the spotter.
He'd watch the deck.
I'd watch the kid.
He'd signal you?
The count was low,
he'd cross his arm.
The deck was high,
he'd touch his chin.
'Simple.'
I would've cut him in too.
But what?
Little man didn't
stick to the plan.
Keep it coming, Ray.
(Ray)
Fifteen.
Double it up.
'Hit me.'
(Ray)
'And 5 makes 20.'
- 'Busted.'
- Damn.
Well, that leaves you, D.
Taking a beat down tonight, Ray.
- Give me another.
- Go on.
I feel I'm
bringing
down the house.
That's my boy right here.
I've been watching
you do your thing.
Smooth. Smooth.
Say me and you take
a little trip this
weekend?
Father, son,
Atlantic
City.
What about Michael?
Nah, this just me and you. The
tables won't know what hit 'em.
♪ Nightmares first
deja vu
Nah, I got school.
Don't worry about that.
Hey. You're my main man.
Do your thing, boy.
Bring it, big man. Hit me.
[laughing]
25.
(all)
'Oh-h-h!'
He cost me a lot of bank.
He "Punk'd" you.
That was unacceptable.
Think what you want.
I ain't shoot that kid.
Right, why would you do that
when all you had to
do was order the
hit?
You got somebody
to testify to that?
I didn't think so.
His half-brother was
there at the card game
hanging with the 29th
Street crew bangers.
- Michael.
- Kid was a wannabe.
Still had to prove hisself.
So you used Michael to
track
down Terrance to kill him.
Michael knew the score.
He wants to take it into
his own hands, so be it.
Son of a bitch.
But that ain't on me.
I didn't pull that trigger.
Oh, yeah...there's
not a whole lot of
natural light at supermax.
We'll be sure to
send you a
postcard
and let you know
what season it
is.
Hey, what's up? We had a deal!
You got somebody
to testify to that?
Didn't think so.
(Scotty)
'It's a real shame how you
got'
'caught up in
the game, Michael.'
(Lilly)
'Had to do Delonte's
bidding.'
'Prove yourself.'
(Scotty)
Uh. Thug life.
29th Street crew.
That's just how it is out there.
- 'You got to choose.'
- Choose what?
Play or pray.
It was about survival.
Terrance made his choice.
That night at the card game.
Wound up getting him killed.
(Scotty)
'What were you
doing there, Michael?'
Terrance was
your blood.
But Delonte...
was your new family.
We know he told you
to go after Terrance
and you knew
where to find
him.
Gang pretends
it's your family.
You know?
Guess you found out the hard way
it's all...a bunch of bull.
After I caught one in the back
wound up whizzing in a bag.
Guess they had no
use for me no more.
None of them
cared.
Never did.
Except T.
He was my brother.
But he should've kept going.
Never looked back.
You know, I found him the one
place we always went to as
kids.
The roof.
Now why'd he go there?
He came back for me.
Time to fly, little buddy.
(Michael)
'Why'd you do it, T?'
- You messed up bad.
- Mike, listen..
How we gonna get
Delonte's money back?
We can't. We're not.
- Screw Delonte.
- What?
Screw dad. Screw all of 'em.
Oh, you mean screw me too.
Nah, don't you see?
They ain't gonna do
nothin' but let you down.
I don't get it, man. I
always
tried to look out for you.
I know, that's why
I'm telling you we
got
to get the hell
out of here,
Mike.
And go where? And do what?
I'm not worried.
We're smarter than all of
'em.
See, that's 'cause you
got something special.
'Everybody see that.'
But this is all I got.
- These four blocks.
- That's not true.
But if we stay here...
going this way..
...we'll die here.
It's where we at now, T.
You had a choice.
But now you left me with none.
Just come with me, Mike.
'Let's get outta here.'
Just come with me.
'You shouldn't
have come back, T.'
Don't do this, Mike.
I'm sorry, T.
You're my brother.
See, you special.
Don't do this, Mike.
Me?
I'm a nobody.